**Privacy Policy**

Lolilop Games built the Tic Tac Toe app as an Ad Supported app. This SERVICE is provided by Lolilop Games at no cost and is intended for use as is.

This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service.

Our Service does not collect and store personal data.

The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which are accessible at Tic Tac Toe unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.

**Information Collection and Use**

The app does use third-party services that may collect information used to identify you.

Link to the privacy policy of third-party service providers used by the app

*   [Unity](https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy)


**Links to Other Sites**

This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.

**Children’s Privacy**

These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13.

**Changes to This Privacy Policy**

We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

This policy is effective as of 2022-11-08

**Contact Us**

If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at lolilopgamesinc@gmail.com.

This privacy policy page was created at [privacypolicytemplate.net](https://privacypolicytemplate.net) and modified/generated by [App Privacy Policy Generator](https://app-privacy-policy-generator.nisrulz.com/)
